welcome everyone to the pages
video magazine hayden and should today we
talk to you about
overtraining myth is yarile
reality how sad it is
state overtraining
there is not to tell you guys
with a huge beard on the internet or else
anybody
This is all besontovy Ponto cheeks on for
virtually because our body can
perfect any quality
athletic we know 5 up fast costello
dexterity but recovery processes
they don't train at all that you don't do
and so when we train with you
getting stronger stronger and faster
the recovery process we need
lengthen why is it because if you
think with the growth of physical qualities he
load increases and
the body gets tired every time more and more
like when you first started
engage you were catching up there five
ten times a year you pull up
already ten times hanging on yourself yet
kilogram 15 natural organism
gets more than a huge load but
recover him
happen if you continue
rest in equal intervals
rested a year ago but it's all inside he
and what is needed in order to prevent
overtraining the most important thing is
balance to fit your diet
power supply
or rather adjust your workouts from
own nutritional abilities
to balance it needs both in quality
so by quantity
naturally protein fats carbohydrates need
drink
at least one and a half to two liters of pure water
it does not count chuyev coffee
soup borscht and another very important factor
This conduct training with different
intensity
cyclic training I advise you to break
your workout cycles not by a month
training on the strength of the month to weight each
training should be different for example
if we take a muscle group such as
chest muscles
if you train them by
Mondays, the first Monday will be
pure force 45 approach to 35
reps 3-5 minutes of rest between
approaches
next training will be easy you
take percent at 7060
from working weight previous monday
when you trained wore make 45
approach cuff 10 times with a stock somewhere
3-5 reps the next workout will be
pure mass set on and when you will
do two or three sets with no more minutes
between sets of 8-12 reps
the next workout is easy that is what
we end up with a heavy
easy training kachkovskoy and easy and
repeating the cycle we do everything through easy
the body cannot constantly constantly
plow and go uphill naturally it's me
I say everything for those who do not use
hormones from the outside to train on its
what else is called
if you get sick don't listen too anyone
rest it will be sickness and better for
You are not standing with the temperature kept at
first harm yourself secondly infect
surrounding and remember better a little bit not
train than perry to train
state of overtraining severe
overtraining is very scary
condition close to serious illness
flu when you have it all
when the skin is impossible to touch it
very very poor condition
discarding us achieving our goals
gaining muscle mass and strength
far, far back so gradually
climb the stairs do not force
better longer but better
don't listen to anyone around us always
always beats
such a number of all knowledgeable jocks or
security officials but for some reason they are every three
months, the maximum change in 20 years
workouts i have so many people already around
saw myself who started with me
train just levi again started
continued to listen to no one
listen only to your body and
your body knows your needs when
you need to train if you are looking
reasons to force for which not to tear
this is not normal for training should
pull you must tear from the desire to go
to train this means you
recovered the same with nutrition
eat what you want don't listen what
can eat pork beef
need to eat what you need if we all
consist of dna's own molecules and
only this dictates what we need to eat
have our needs through flavoring
needs are expressed in the world therefore
guys just listen to yourself
learn training and nutrition methods
champions but skip it all
prism
no one can teach you better than you
what you need for your body and
Remember that the teacher is not the one who likes
and that teacher
from whom you learn life is the best
teacher so watch our videos in
which we will try to tell you how
the right approach to training and
nutrition do not like
let's comment and leave our
wishes about what would you like to see in
the following videos
bye everyone